Vending App Manual

The following manual contains a diagram depicting the layout of Vending App as well
as descriptions of some of the files stored in the directories.

Vending App
  - vending-app
    - e2e
    - node_modules
    - src
      - adverts
      - app
        - advertisement-board
        - components/home
        - configs
        - directives
        - models
        - providers
      - assets
      - environments
      - PasswordCalculator
      - product-data
      - products
      - user-data



vending-app

    Contains all of the necessary parts of the Vending App.
    One of the main files that was edited and is located directly inside this directory
    is <Ask Michael if it's main.js or main.ts>, used to set the size of the Vending App
    window. 



e2e

    <Ask Michael for description>



node_modules

    Contains the files that come with installing node.js <Ask Micahel about description>



src

    Contains the source code, data, and images used in the Vending App.
    
    product-setup.json - Contains which products are displayed on the top and bottom rows
                         of the vending machine as well as their order.

    styles.scss - Contains the styles that were used in the Vending App which weren't
                  available by default.



adverts

    Contains the advertisements that will be displayed in the advertising portion of the
    display.



app

    Contains all of the source code as well as some of the data used in the Vending App.



advertisment-board

    Contains the HTML, SCSS, and TypeScript files for the advertising portion of the
    display.



components/home

    Contains the HTML, SCSS, and TypeScript files for the vending machine portion of the
    display.



configs

    Contains the config file for the buttons used in the Vending App.  This stores the
    buttons' names, the current source of their image, and whether or not they are
    currently being pressed.



directives

    <Ask Michael for description>



models

    Contains the model files used in the Vending App.



providers

    <Ask Michael for description>



assets

    Contains the fonts and non-product images used in the Vending App.



environments

    <Ask Michael for description>



PasswordCalculator

    Contains the PasswordCalculator source code and makefile, as well as user specific
    files.



product-data

    Contains JSON files that store a product ID and the current quantity of each product
    in the vending machine.



products

    Contains a set of directories, identified by product IDs, each of which contains a
    JSON file and large and small images of the product.  The JSON file stores a product
    ID, a product name, a small image name, a large image name, a price in terms of amount
    and currency, a description, and nutrition information.



user-data

    Contains JSON files that store a user's user ID, whether or not they have administrator
    privileges, and four values used for logging in.
